9.4.0 Release (#4330)
cypress-io/cypress-documentation: content/_changelogs/9.4.0.md

## 9.4.0

_Released 1/31/2022_

**Features**

> - Enhancements were made to `.selectFile()` feedback receiving after it's
>   initial release in [9.3.0](/guides/references/changelog#9-3-0).

Reviewer: You make the same mistake with "its" and "it's" that I do. We're doomed between the two of us now. 😅 

```suggestion
- Enhancements were made to `.selectFile()` after receiving feedback after its
  initial release in [9.3.0](/guides/references/changelog#9-3-0).
```

Author: Oh no! 😢

>   - The default behavior was updated to automatically infers the mime type of
>     files based on their extension to correctly encode file uploads. Addressed
>     in [#19751](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/19751).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - The default behavior was updated to automatically infer the mime type of
    files based on their extension to correctly encode file uploads. Addressed
    in [#19751](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/19751).
```

>   - Added the `mimeType` property to allow users to explicitly set the mime type
>     on files using the `mimeType` property. Addressed in
>     [#19751](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/19751).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Added the `mimeType` property so you can explicitly set the mime type
    on files using the `mimeType` property. Addressed in
    [#19751](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/19751).
```

  - Updated file contents types to allow either a
    [`TypedArray`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/TypedArray)
    instance or a `Cypress.Buffer` instance, where previously file contents were
    expected to only be an instance of `Cypress.Buffer`. Addressed in
    [#19751](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/19751).

>   - Updated `.selectFile()` to retains the fileName of files read from disk to
>     work with aliases. Addressed in
>     [#19803](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/19803).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Updated `.selectFile()` to retain the fileName of files read from disk to
    work with aliases. Addressed in
    [#19803](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/19803).
```
